Th2 4262 reduce load cradle 3.1 (#239)
th2-net/th2-common-j: README.md

}
```

> The `CommonFactory` reads a grpc's router configuration from the `grpc_router.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CommonFactory` reads a gRPC router configuration from the `grpc_router.json` file.
```

> * enableSizeMeasuring - this option enables the gRPC message size measuring. Please note the feature decrease gRPC throughput. Default value is false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* enableSizeMeasuring - this option enables the gRPC message size measuring. Please note the feature decreases gRPC throughput. Default value is false.
```

> * keepAliveInterval - number of seconds before each keep alive message. Default value is 60

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* keepAliveInterval - number of seconds between keep alive messages. Default value is 60
```

* maxMessageSize - this option enables endpoint message filtering based on message size (message with size larger than option value will be skipped). By default, it has a value of `4 MB`. The unit of measurement of the value is number of bytes.

```json
{
  "enableSizeMeasuring": false,
  "keepAliveInterval": 60,
  "maxMessageSize": 4194304
}
```

> The `CommonFactory` reads a grpc's configuration from the `grpc.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CommonFactory` reads a gRPC configuration from the `grpc.json` file.
```

## Release notes

### 3.42.0

> + Added the `enableSizeMeasuring`, `maxMessageSize`, `keepAliveInterval` option into gRPC's router configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Added the `enableSizeMeasuring`, `maxMessageSize`, `keepAliveInterval` options into gRPC router configuration. 
```
